Increase to.
Wait, actually, how about this?
I'm thinking taking my use case and then
play play with that here.
I go use case.
So I'm gonna do a full package generation,
right?
So it's going to be 320 million.
Wow.
OK.
That's fine. Yeah, I know.
It's like there's no physical discipline,
right?
Just spend as much as you want, OK,
all the way to the moon.
You need a presidential signature for 320
million.
10 year contract the the duration is not
OK but.
Ah.
Anyways it so it's.
Word value three 2010 year contract is 3.
0.
I'm gonna change that, OK.
So 10 year because it's 10 year, right?
What? So it's 3.2 each year 3 point?
Mm-hmm.
Wish I have that much money.
Who doesn't, right?
OK, 2.7, that's good.
It's an five year, five year contract.
So it's service, it got definitely R&
D.
So it says.
OK so.
Negotiated.
So how do I also depending on what that
is? Which one?
Is it fixed price? What is it?
I'm not sure what the the top columns
really mean.
Yeah, see here.
I want to show you. OK,
so we can quickly review this case here.
So it's a update.
Try existing contract support.
And channel text Research file award
value 350 not 320,000,010 year 3.
25 year contract.
So.
Review existing ID vehicle so it so I
guess when we get to specific it.
That part they are not evaluating.
OK so.
IT security.
Well, anyway, so let.
Let's take a look.
See if they have that right.
So for negotiated.
Mm-hmm.
This doesn't look like.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe it is fixed price.
So.
Oh purchase request.
So it's definitely not fixed price.
So.
So that probably that bottom section
looks like it's not being updated with
the number of.
Oh yeah.
Yeah. So that needs to be fixed.
Very refreshing.
Yeah, it's not updated.
No, it's it's probably, yeah.
Negotiated. But this? Yeah,
it's not going with the first selection,
so yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Three. Yeah. Yeah,
this is not right for sure.
It needs to be sow.
Igc acquisition plan there needs to be a
acquisition plan for, for.
Amount such as you know like one.
Anyone hire any amount higher than 350K.
They need to write a very detailed
acquisition plan to kind of justify this.
I think the purchase request is works for
anything smaller.
But not.
Yeah, so here.
So they also see what they need is this.
So say that again, so we have.
So.
So we have.
What's set in there?
Yeah, we have sow igce.
But we don't have acquisition plan.
There is market research but there is no
IT security clearance,
no evaluation plan I think and source
selection plan like so you you need to
tell.
Yeah, it's it's just that.
No, I don't know.
Because like you said,
this is not updated,
so maybe this is in just the because it's
not being updated.
That's why it's not right.
It's not linking, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think maybe that's why because I don't
really know.
Yeah.
What? What's coming out of here?
Yeah. So that needs to be fixed.
Yeah, it's not refreshed at all.
That's a problem.
Also like the the part I'm confused is
why it it?
Let's make Yup.
It does it for every single vehicle.
You know what I mean? I wonder. Maybe.
Negotiated the contract doesn't need.
Let me check my OK one second.
Let me come here.
I don't know.
Maybe you can use this document to help
you to make that a little bit better.
See if this is Rd.
We need to do FP with retro.
Active price determination.
And we also need HCA approval.
That's something they talked about as
well.
That for for project like that much HC is
like they have another like overseeing.
Supervisory Committee to to review the
legality and ethics ethics of of your
contract.
Maybe you are awarding to your friend's
company or you know someone. You. Yeah,
stuff like that.
Like making sure it's you're not really
just using the money instead.
Ah.
Yeah. So that's that.
So, but see, they have very specific.
OK.
So what I can do is I'll send me this
document and then I will.
Yeah.
Compare it to my version and I'll see if
there's anything that we can glean from
the differences.
Yeah.
And then I'll maybe run it through.
So where else is the is more logic in the
system prompts of the.
It's just in those those agent work flows
that we built the.
So that's the only other place there's
logic right now. So yeah,
I'll just have to work with AI to.
Kind of merge what you have here.
What I have in the matrix and then.
With the actual use case workflows.
Yeah, I'll send you all.
There is another one I want to create.
I I can send you the ones I have so far.
The threshold and contract type as the
other.
Get ready. I'll send it to you as well,
so you can combine them and together to
to make it a complete.
Yeah,
let me know if there's any like if you
want anything else included in that
analysis.
OK.
So right now it'll be this document and
then what else?
Something else you're gonna send over?
This. Yeah,
this document and this one I want to send
you the threshold decision tree as well.
OK.
Because on the threshold they also have
dollar amounts, right?
So dollar amount needs to be included and
if it's it R&
Yeah.
D human subject like all this different
one.
So it's not just it there.
You know what I mean?
It's also R&D, in fact, human subject,
animal service, foreign acquisition.
So source, if you can include them.
And GSA, I don't know,
like the stuff specific here.
If you can't like, because if it's TSA,
it's different.
Yeah.
Contract type specific branch.
Then they have GSE.
They have this specific consideration.
ID. IQ.
Yeah. It's like, yeah, I I don't.
Yeah, I. So I'm I guess,
what's the relationship between this
matrix and and your final ego product
because I, you know,
we can make this matrix perfect,
but then that's not the final product,
right?
So.
Well, yeah.
So I think what I would do is I would
give the matrix to eagle and then
whenever they have a.
Hello.
They kick off a workflow.
They would use the matrix as a guide.
Because that would be very detailed and.
OK.
It's basically a decision tree.
So in that case, I think, yeah.
Then making that matrix correct is kind
of important, right? Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Yeah,
I'll try and improve the layout of it and
then maybe I'll try and build out an
actual decision tree that looks more like
a tree.
Mm.
But I think it's a good starting point.
And as we look at it more,
we'll get more used to it.
So yeah, like,
there's a lot more threshold buckets or
bins here than there are in the matrix,
so.
So we that'll be interesting to see if
those buckets.
Or how things are adjusted in the matrix.
But.
I think I think we're getting a decent
grasp on it.
What else would be good to see here?
Maybe like the templates document
templates, right?
So if we could say sip stocks and we just
open up like and yeah,
Yeah.
it'll it'll we can view all six templates.
This stuff isn't really helpful, right?
Like risk allocation? Not really.
Mm-hmm.
Template or timeline and approvals.
This way actually I feel it's kind of
like this too.
Looks pretty good,
but doesn't have to be taking all the
space it it gives you some confidence,
but I don't if it's a false confidence or
Yeah.
true confidence meaning.
And when I see this I was like, oh,
that's good.
You know what I mean?
Like risk is but, but I don't know.
But I I think it will be something they
they may want to see but you can put them
under.
The.
Can you go to?
More complex one, maybe on the left side.
You mean switch this?
Yeah, keep keep.
Yeah, keep looking at keep.
They all that look the same though.
Are the is the contractor risk the same
for everything?
Yeah, it is. It's like that.
That it's not working.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I thought I was like, wow.
So.
There's no risk we're good.
Exactly.
The problem is all yours.
I'm the best.
What about contract type at the bottom?
Go down to.
Bottom left.
Can you change this one?
Oh, there it is. Driven by that.
Then maybe by this.
Ah.
Then in that case I guess.
It is true if it's form fixed price,
right?
It is.
The risk is all contract,
so this is not that useful.
This is more like a project man PMP,
project Management 101 sort.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
It's like, Oh yeah, I know.
Yeah.
Yeah,
with this kind of price for this one that
yeah, because it's.
All government because I'm paying money.
And if you're not doing anything,
risk is online and same here.
Anything cost related? Time. Yeah, time.
So it's that's interesting.
Maybe we'll keep it, but make it smaller.
Yeah, this one is not that useful,
I would say,
OK.
unless they don't know what pier project
management is.
This is just everything in the PMI bug
like Project Management Institute,
PMP book.
It's all there.
Yeah, this is very.
Basic not even related.
Unless they. Yeah,
you can keep them down down there if they
want to see it,
but doesn't need to take all the space.
Mm-hmm.
I think here should be all the documents.
That would be good.
Each one and then click open if you can.
You know what I mean?
OK.
Yeah,
I'm gonna ask AI to build three different
That'll be good.
samples and then we can see which one we
like best.
Mm-hmm.
And also competition requirements, right?
Mostly a plank like not much.
So it's taking a lot of space though.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Like I think this one can be done there
and a lot of information here.
Like for example like I think what what's
important here is I think this should
give us an inside look of how the system
is processing this.
Like,
how did you how AI derived all those
templates, right?
Like 6 documents.
So they should tell me.
In here in detail just like this.
I I look at the checklist and that's why
Oh.
I got this.
I I did this.
That's why you know,
if they can tell me that,
Yeah.
then I can verify it very easily.
You know what I mean? Yeah.
OK.
It's good.
Advice, yeah.
But I I I will try to send this to Igor
as well later,
but I I'm gonna pull other documents 1st
and then send it to.
To them.
OK.
I think it's like 70 megabytes.
It should be OK to drop in there.
Yeah. And also I think to give, OK.
So I just reviewed the the the you know
the recording on Friday again like just
because I I can tell.
OK.
They are.
They have conflicting directions like
share wants to do it smaller scope,
but then Ryan wants just the way it is.
But I think.
I think it based on what we have so far,
we could we have the knowledge base and
we as long as we we make sure the
navigation works fine,
we can give them and we can verify.
We can give the system to them,
let them play with it like you know what
I mean.
It's not, maybe.
We can do some few select like 10 use
case or none as MAP one.
Next one is you know something like that.
What do you think?
Because I don't think we can do a partial
because knowledge base is knowledge base.
Yeah,
we're gonna build it complete like fully
and. But then.
We'll just create our demo around the
simple use case and the complex 1.
Yeah, I think we'll just.
I'll select a few use case, don't select,
but I think I'm gonna base on wines.
Remember, if you recall,
when I went through the use case with him,
he he quickly selected like non use case,
right?
Like we are gonna use those not as our
initial I think.
And the rest he didn't comment.
He said they all good.
He just said that.
So I I'm sure he just didn't see it.
So I think he he's more like.
A.
He know, he said.
I when I use the system.
I will know so that kinda type like OK,
but I think AI is that kinda system also,
right?
It's not like very very like 0 black and
white.
It's kinda like Gray,
even if you come back with like incorrect
suggestion you can say AI is
hallucinating but quickly.
Yeah,
I think what you said about why it's
choosing this and that is very important.
So we can add that into the system prompt
Yeah.
in their responses and saying like.
Yeah.
Maybe.
Like a little.
Drop down that you could see the
citations. You know,
Yeah, yeah.
like that could be helpful.
Exactly.
I think with that it will help us and
also help them when they if they want to
right when they use the system,
when they get confused with our response
with AI's response,
then they will like at least to have
something to to go by and.
Question. Right.
They can go online and check and say,
And.
Oh yeah, I see what you mean there.
Yeah.
Stuff like that.
But I think we should also connect with
the the, the,
the current regulation just to so you
know I don't.
Do that but just because right now the
regulation are changing rapidly.
I want to point out this one here.
We talked about RFO here.
Oh here.
So basically the revolutionary far over
changed far, far 16th substantially. OK,
so in innovative contract type,
former rule should require that deviation
to use.
Now new is permitted without deviation.
So like very,
very significant mandatory to
discretionary not permitted to permit it
limited to authorized non code codified
to explicit new authority greater than 5.
5 to greater than 7.5.
Very significant change.
So I think this change should be.
Yeah,
I think it's not in our KB yet because he
just pulled it right maybe last year and
I don't know when this new change.
Happen.
Yeah.
We'll have to run.
A test to make sure that we can update
that correctly and we're gonna have to
update the matrix.
We're gonna have to update a lot of stuff
whenever we.
'Re yeah.
Facebook.
Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah.
So.
That's definitely something we need to.
But the first step is.
You know the use cases,
the app running and and so that's our
goal.
For this week is getting the use cases
working in the app manually.
Mm-hmm.
Yep. So I think we will do.
Let me pull up this.
So 123456 actually just six.
Let's do the six first.
The new IT service acquisition,
full package generation.
Ensure this one works.
Rapid schedule purchase works.
Rapid GNC schedule purchase Micro
purchase scenario.
And this one source source right?
Justification 1234.
OK.
Mm-hmm.
And data rights determination.
Oh, actually, he said. Illegal.
He doesn't care, right?
Yeah.
So the low priority is legal and public
interest at this point.
So. So let's not worry about this.
I think maybe what we should do is we do
all the cases in supervisor and select
one from each.
Role, you know, like do that.
Is that possible?
So we're 123 is already everything in
supervisor, right?
And then we can choose one like case 4
for far far apart 15 under compliance.
Choose One Financial advisor.
And then.
Choose one for market intelligence.
Yeah.
I think that's it. Yeah, yeah.
The rest we can leave them for the future
or technical.
Yeah, let's choose one for technical so.
Yeah.
If you want, you can send me.
The list.
Which which? Yeah,
send me a short list of which ones you
think would be best and.
OK.
I'll make sure they're included.
OK, sounds good.
OK.
Yeah, maybe a cross one. OK, sounds good.
Yeah.
Sweet. Thanks Ingrid.
Go ahead and send this or whatever you
need over to me and I'm gonna redo the
matrix and that KV analysis.
Mm-hmm.
OK, perfect.
Alrighty, I'll talk to you later. Bye.